cleanup dashboard urls and add script for tracking (#354)
alchemyplatform/docs: fern/tutorials/smart-wallets/migrate-from-stackup.mdx

## 3. Sponsoring gas? Create a Gas Manager Policy

> Create a policy in the [Gas Manager dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/signup) to sponsor gas for your users.

Author: ```suggestion
Create a policy in the [Gas Manager dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/gas-manager/policy/create) to sponsor gas for your users.
```

      * Rather than needing to estimate gas before requesting gas sponsorship, use [`alchemy_requestGasAndPaymasterAndData`](/reference/alchemy-requestgasandpaymasteranddata) to obtain `paymasterAndData` and gas estimates at the same time
        * Alternatively, you can use [`alchemy_requestPaymasterAndData`](/reference/alchemy-requestpaymasteranddata) to only request coverage and obtain `paymasterAndData`. You must separately estimate gas in this option.

>       * Add the policyId from step 3 ([gas manager dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/signup))

Author: ```suggestion
      * Add the policyId from step 3 ([gas manager dashboard](https://dashboard.alchemy.com/gas-manager/policy/create))
```
